https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_ML5xP23TOWKUcc-oAE_Eg "yt" "adev" # Hussein Nasser
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJWCJCWOxBYSi5DhCieLOLQ "yt crypto" # aantonop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg "yt" "linux" # DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA "yt" "linux" # Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw "yt" "adev" # ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCfqyGl3nq_V0bo64CjZh8g "yt" "dev" # Continuous Delivery
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXPHFM88IlFn68OmLwtPmZA "yt" "adev" # Greg Hurrell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmuBtK7so_50FGKszcdXPlg # "yt" "cs" # Chri Kanich koles z MIT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs2Kaw3Soa63cJq3H0VA7og "yt" "linux" # Fajny dziadek
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_1U2qs9zaBrO4_zvvFf2BQ "yt" "break" # Wolnosc w remoncie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA "yt" "linux" # gotbletu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi8XrDg1bK_MJ0goOnbpTMQ "yt" "linux" # budlabs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCljOhRB2a3sQgLCdK9CHQvQ "yt" "linux" # Leafshade
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9x0AN7BWHpCDHSm9NiJFJQ "yt" "linux" # NetworkCuc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-tLyAaPbRZiYrOJxAGB7dQ "yt" "break" # Purusit of Wonder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXLesGEfmyhxqOjoAqhRwhA "yt" "break" # FightMediocrity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCybBViio_TH_uiFFDJuz5tg "yt" "break" # Einzelganger
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO5QSoES5yn2Dw7YixDYT5Q "yt" "break" # Aperture
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4QZ_LsYcvcq7qOsOhpAX4A "yt" "break" # ColdFusion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCRXm_ENFXkMl7_iwERqlrQ "yt" "break" # Polimaty
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3fg6pL63upkXCc0T203wVg "yt" "break" # Sara Dietschy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXD5aOFDPO1W264sJvYc85Q "yt" "break" # Quotes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtSQfqA-Sv3DMScpk32vbIg "yt" "break" # conscioustv
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0vBXGSyV14uvJ4hECDOl0Q "yt" "break" # Techquickie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRjSO-juFtngAeJGJRMdIZw "yt" "break" # Gary Explains
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6_8mLw-CglRDk3y8HKGnNQ "yt" "break" # Daniel Titchener
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA "yt" "break" # Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWJUSpXVHTaHErtGWC5qPlQ "yt" "break" # Destination linuc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg "yt" "break" # Techlore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9XFvuObhfVUNAGNcH8Y_fw "yt" "break" # PlasticPill
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS97tchJDq17Qms3cux8wcA "yt" "linux" # ChrisAtMachine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC52kszkc08-acFOuogFl5jw "yt" "math" # Math with Teebe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg "yt" "engeniering" # Real engeniering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSrISYxYHC4AhcZRjKF-H0g "yt" # tiengos

## reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux.rss "reddit"

